Config and version changes 2.34.0 (#945)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/get-started/dbaas.md

2. Click *Create DB Cluster*.

3. Select the values from the dropdown for the following:
    - *Kubernetes Cluster*
    - *Database Type*  
    - *Database Version*

4. Expand  *Advanced Settings* panel.

    1. Select the number of nodes. (The lower limit is 1.)

    2. Select a preset *Resources per Node*.

        *Small*, *Medium* and *Large* are fixed preset values for *Memory*, *CPU*, and *Disk*.

        Values for the *Custom* preset can be edited.

        Beside each resource type is an estimate of the required and available resources represented numerically in absolute and percentage values, and graphically as a colored, segmented bar showing the projected ratio of used to available resources. A red warning triangle <i style="color: red" class="uil uil-exclamation-triangle"></i> is shown if the requested resources exceed those available.

        ![!](../_images/PMM_DBaaS_DB_Cluster_Advanced_Options.png)

    3. Enter the following on the *Database Configurations* panel:

>     - *Storage Class* - Select the storage class from the dropdown. Storage classes allow dynamic provisioning of persistent storage for PMM. Using storage classes, you can create and attach volumes on-demand without manually managing the underlying storage infrastructure. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - *Storage Class* - Select the storage class from the drop-down. Storage classes allow dynamic provisioning of persistent storage for PMM. Using storage classes, you can create and attach volumes on-demand without manually managing the underlying storage infrastructure. 
```
